Update licensing section of Knowledge Base to Apache 2.0 only (#50)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls-docs: kb/licensing/using-mbedtls-in-a-non-apache-project.md

# Using Mbed TLS in a non-Apache project

## Who should read this?

> 

Reviewer: Since you're here, maybe change "SSL libary" to "TLS library"?

In short: Yes, you can. However, there are a few rules. As a result, a lot of Open Source projects worldwide already use Mbed TLS.

> We encourage and support the use of the Mbed TLS library in Open Source projects. You can use Mbed TLS even if your project does not use the Apache 2.0 license itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage and support the use of the Mbed TLS library in Open Source projects. You may be able to use Mbed TLS even if your project does not use the Apache 2.0 license itself.
```
